Ouch, our Tianzong really picked up the baby.
Just ten days
Hahaha, you can drill now.
Impossible this is impossible
Waste of your practice period
How is it possible to reach the tenth floor?
You must have cheated.
This is the style of your Xuanying Sect's saint son
Humph
I have only climbed the ninth ladder in my life
And you're just a little aerator
It stands to reason that the four-story ladder should die by hugging the iron
How to reach the top?
I suspect you of cheating.
Is the fist wrong?
Well, in full view, the antelope has reached the top
Why are you turning your back and not admitting the account?
Master, I doubt
This child must be hiding the breath of the ends of the earth
Therefore, he was able to carry out the ladder and successfully reach the top
You are talking nonsense.
Do you dare to let this seat check it?
The Great Protector of Xuanyin Sect
The metric is so small
It seems that this Xuanyin Sect is just so humming
How about master
There's really nothing about him, little brother
Can you drill now?
I'll kill you now